Parsing advanced settings refactor (#6845)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/processing/parsing.md

{{< img src="logs/processing/parsing/advanced_settings.png" alt="Advanced Settings"  style="width:80%;">}}

### Parsing a specific text attribute

Use the **Extract from** field to apply your Grok processor on a given text attribute instead of the default `message` attribute.

> For example, a log containing a `command.line` attribute that would be keyvalue could be parsed as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, consider a log containing a `command.line` attribute that should be parsed as a key-value. You could could parse this log as follows:
```
